**
* Huh
* Hah-hah
* Yeah
* Uh
* Ah-Hah
* Huh
* Yeah
* Hah-huh-Hah Oy
Yeah?
Hey, it's Louie.
Yes, I know, stupid.
It's 2017, everybody knows
who's calling everybody.
Jesus Christ, just--
Okay, fine, don't call
me then, bye.
Well--
Jesus.
(In elderly voice)
Hello?
Hey.
Hello, who is this?
Operator?
(clearing throat)
Is this a party
line, hello?
Okay, are you
done now?
Yes, Mary, go ahead and be
boring, I'm listening.
Okay, look.
I just--
This is gonna suck,
I know it.
Just... listen.
I got-- My kids are
at their mom's now
and they're gonna
be there tonight
and I just thought...
that maybe we could--
Maybe I could take you out.
Take me out
of what?
My comfort zone?
No, on a date.
Ugh, oh, my God.
Look, don't
get all--
Just because I let you
kiss part of my mouth...
You kissed me back.
I most certainly did not.
Well, what about it?
I'm busy.
Doing what?
Searching for baby elephants
up in your mother's vagina.
What do you care?
What is it with guys
that if they can
prove you're not
doing anything,
then you have
to blow 'em?
I just wanna have
some fun... with you.
I just wanna--
I just wanna go out
and have
a good time.
With you.
Okay?
Okay.
Yes, we can.
If you want.
Hang out tonight.
On a date.
I d--
Bye!
Jive ass turkey.
(laughing)
**
Hey.
(laughing)
What?
Hey, you wanna
try that on?
No!
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
Thank you very much.
The-- no-- umph.
Hey, you
give a tip.
Well.
(Pamela laughing)
Uhn, ew.
What--
no, that's--
Look, that's art.
(laughing)
That's like--
It's an artistic
piece of art.
Ugh.
Look, it's called
"Bag of Shit."
Jesus.
Hm.
I love these, I mean--
These are
kind of cool.
Yeah, I wouldn't
mind having
one of these
in my house.
Many nooses of neon.
I mean, what
even is neon?
It looks like liquid.
What it is, it's
an inert gas that--
Don't try.
gets excited
by high voltage.
Wow.
That--
It's the shitter.
Don't touch it,
don't touch it.
His shit's over there,
that's brilliant!
Don't put your--
Pointing.
Don't point at it.
That's so
brilliant, mmm.
My God.
Did you see the--
(laughing)
It's so
weird, look.
They're dirty.
It's so nasty!
He just
left the--
That's--
This piece is
called "Diarrhea."
That's called "Diarrhea"?
This is "Diarrhea."
It's very
beautiful, "Diarrhea."
What is that?
(Pamela laughing)
It's called "Jews."
Shut up.
Look.
What is this
now, nothing?
Nice nothing.
That's something.
It says
something there.
That's something.
Um...
There's this
thing on this--
Hm.
I guess you're
supposed to...
I wouldn't do that
if I was you.
Why, it says "press."
So you press a thing
because it says "press"?
You would not have
survived the camps.
Whack-- why-- it's...
It says "press."
Dude... go ahead.
Why would they make
it say "press"--
Press the art
button, enjoy.
(man's voice)
Nigger.
Whoa.
No, no, I didn't
say it.
I didn't say it,
it's the butt--
Listen.
(mooing)
Okay, no, no, no, no,
wait a second.
(screaming)
No, wait...
(meowing)
Okay.
(barking)
Yeah.
Is there any more?
I think that's the end
of the rainbow...
the art rainbow.
No more--
Oh, there's
one more.
Oh... Jesus.
What to do?
That's uh, artistic...
Okay, then.
All right, that's...
Very well done thing.
There's...
people.
(gasping)
(Pamela gasping)
**
(Pamela laughing)
I'm hungry now.
You wanna...
Yep.
Come on,
let's go eat.
(laughing)
Don't even--
Ooh, Chinese.
That's imaginative,
isn't it?
Yeah, yeah.
Isn't this a good idea?
Hi! Hi,
how are you?
Hi.
Nice to see you.
Yeah, nice see you.
Hi, I-- Do you have
the thing I left?
Before, remember,
I left something here?
Yeah, I remember, I remember,
I hide it very good.
Oh, thank you
very much.
Yeah, yeah,
Thank you.
yeah.
No one touch
it, okay?
No--
Thank you, and we're
gonna order
to go, okay,
thank you very much.
We are,
go where?
Just look at the menu
and pick a food.
What are you doing?
Oh.
So "Little Miss" that has
an idea about something.
She's a little
mysterious, hmm?
It's very mysterious.
Uh-huh.
Hi, don't worry, okay?
A lot of good
things there.
Thank you, thank you.
**
It's when they're coming
and they go...
(mumbling song lyrics)
And then they go...
* and, and...
* And...
* Shit
* Right in my...
* Mouth.
* Mouth
* The mouth of moon *
If you want,
if you want.
Wait, Louie?
What?
No, no one goes into
Central Park at night.
It's--
We're doing it.
Yeah?
Yes.
We're--
Fine.
* It's fine, it's fine,
it's fine... **
**
(Louie)
Like this--
(both)
and Jews.
Why Jews?
I don't know,
you said it, too.
I know.
Okay, come here.
Come where?
This is the right--
The perfect place.
And we're doing this now.
What is that--
is that a blanket?
Yeah.
What do you experience
happening... here?
It's already happening.
Oh.
'Kay.
Okay.
All right,
come on, sit down.
'Kay.
I'm starving.
Me too.
Ooh.
It's freezing,
but I don't care.
Me too.
I love this.
I love to eat
horse penises on Broadway.
Me too!
(both laughing)
Okay, all right.
Now, this is it,
give me this.
Okay, now.
Lie down on your back.
Is this your move?
Jesus, oh man.
Just-- come on,
lie down.
I'm doing it, look.
Just on your back,
like this, next to me.
Just trust me.
Hey!
Come over.
Okay, now.
You ready?
Louie...
Just--
This is dumb
and weird.
Just go with it.
What?
Please, just go
with it.
Okay?
Can you do that,
just trust
me and go
with this?
All right, now look up.
Look straight up.
Okay.
Don't look left,
don't look right.
No.
You-- As you look straight
up at the sky,
your eyes will start tuning
out... all the city lights
and you just start
seeing stars.
You see?
Yeah.
See how they pop up?
You starting to see 'em?
Yeah.
Okay, just keep
looking up.
Louie.
I feel like this--
(gasping)
Oh, my God!
I just saw
a shooting star.
Uh-huh.
You saw it?
Look, keep looking up,
keep looking up,
keep looking up.
Louie!
Oh, my God!
Mm-hmm.
There was
another one!
Uh-huh.
Oh, my God!
Louie!
Uh-huh.
What did you do?
It's a meteor shower.
It happens
every 17 years.
**
You knew?
Mm-hmm.
Uh-oh.
What?
This is...
Good move.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Good move.
(whispering)
Oh, shit.
**
Oh, no, no, no,
stop it, now.
Stop it.
You gave me the stars,
let me look at them.
Okay, okay, okay.
All right.
Look.
Wow!
(laughing)
Uh.
(clearing throat)
Stupid.
No.
Look.
Wow.
Yeah.
Your head
is so bald.
(door opening)
Okay, I'm just gonna
use your toilet,
and then I gotta go.
(door closing)
Okay.
Bye, thank you.
That was actually
really nice.
Oh, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey!
Hey!
Oh, shit.
Wait.
You're gonna want to
do things.
Well, yeah,
come on.
You know what, Louie?
You just can't
make people do things.
I'm not making
you do anything.
This is--
We're having a romantic time
and you know it, come on.
No, we're friends,
it's just like if
we were girls
or frogs or whatever.
No.
Frogs don't... kiss in
the park under the stars.
Yes, they do.
Okay, just go.
Go ahead and go.
Ugh.
What are you doing?
What do you care?
Oh, this is serious.
This is serious?
This is serious.
You know what,
if you
don't care,
I don't care.
I feel like you--
You like me and you want
to get close to me
and then I do it and
then you shove me away.
And frankly, that hurts.
And I don't--
I mean, either you don't--
Either you want to hurt me
or you don't care,
but either one is a person that
I don't want to be with.
So just go.
Hey.
I don't like that.
You really want
me to go?
What-- What if...
What?
Nothing, forget it.
Fine.
What if I let you
see my underwear?
Wanna see?
Yeah.
Okay.
Wait there,
don't look.
Well, how am
I supposed to--
Shut up.
(camera phone shutter clicking)
Okay.
Can I stay now?
Yeah.
Now you show me.
No, do like I did.
Okay.
(camera phone shutter clicking)
(camera phone beeping)
Okay.
Let's do more.
(camera phone shutter clicking)
(camera phone beeping)
Now you
show me more.
(camera phone shutter
clicking then beeping)
Okay, then.
You wanna
really see?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure
you do, stupid.
(knocking)
(doorbell ringing)
Yup, yup, yup, yup.
Yup, Yup--
(knocking)
Yup.
Coming.
There he is.
(Lilly and Jane)
Guess what!
It's snowing!
It's so
beautiful outside.
It's snowing,
and it's like...
No, yeah, I saw
out the window.
a live snow globe.
Bye.
It's so beautiful, it's
like a living snow globe.
Hi.
It's so pretty.
Hello.
So-- so pretty.
(Jane)
Bye, Mommy.
Hey.
Hey, I didn't--
Remember, we switched
to the morning for today?
Yeah, right.
You're okay, right?
Yeah, I'm okay.
You doing all right,
you all right?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Okay, well,
see you later.
All right.
(man)
Hey, can I use
your bathroom?
(Jane)
Lilly, come look!
Oh, shit.
(Lilly)
Yeah?
What is it?
(whispering)
Oh, boy.
(Lilly)
Whoa, hello.
(Pamela) Hi.
So did you
sleep over?
What?
Well, obviously
she slept over.
You're Daddy's
girlfriend now.
What?
No, blech!
Hey, that's
my daddy.
What do you
mean "blech"?
(Pamela)
I mean blech,
look at him.
Come here.
Girls, look at him.
He's a monster.
I mean, who
looks like that?
That's supposed to
be my boyfriend?
I deserve better
than that.
Look at his body.
He's like a mailbox
on two tree stumps
with a melon on top.
And look at his ass.
Daddy, turn around.
Turn around.
Come on, Daddy.
Lift up your shirt.
He has zero ass.
I mean, he has legs
and then a back.
I mean,
I'm supposed to
have a boyfriend
with no ass?
Well, it's true,
my daddy
poops out
of his back.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
It's true.
Um, are you
guys hungry?
Yes.
No.
Good, let's
go to the kitchen,
you can make me
some eggs,
'cause I'm starving.
(yawning)
(Pamela)
Oh, it's snowing!
Isn't it fun.
**
(metal clanging)
(record skipping)
**